Update SolrRequestExecutor to also check for latest transaction (#55)
xenit-eu/alfresco-health-processor: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.5.4] - UNRELEASED

## Added

> * [[#55](https://github.com/xenit-eu/alfresco-health-processor/pull/55)] Add option for SolrRequestExecutor to also check for transactions (healthprocessor.plugins.solr.check-transaction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [[#55](https://github.com/xenit-eu/alfresco-health-processor/pull/55)] Add option for SolrRequestExecutor to also check for latest transaction
```
